sites.md, before:

## List Of Supported Sites (118 Sites In Total!)
1. [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/)
2. [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/)
3. [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/)
4. [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/)
5. [Blogger](https://www.blogger.com/)
6. [Google Plus](https://plus.google.com/)
7. [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/)
8. [Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/)
9. [GitHub](https://www.github.com/)
10. [Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/)
11. [Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/)
12. [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/)
13. [Disqus](https://disqus.com/)
14. [Medium](https://medium.com/)
15. [DeviantART](https://deviantart.com)
16. [VK](https://vk.com/)
17. [About.me](https://about.me/)
18. [Imgur](https://imgur.com/)
19. [9GAG](https://9gag.com/)
20. [Flipboard](https://flipboard.com/)
21. [SlideShare](https://slideshare.net/)
22. [Fotolog](https://fotolog.com/)
23. [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/)
24. [MixCloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/)
25. [Scribd](https://www.scribd.com/)
26. [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/)
27. [BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/)
28. [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/)
29. [Gravatar](http://en.gravatar.com/)
30. [iMGSRC.RU](https://imgsrc.ru/)
31. [DailyMotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/)
32. [Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/)
33. [CashMe](https://cash.me/)
34. [Behance](https://www.behance.net/)
35. [GoodReads](https://www.goodreads.com/)
36. [Instructables](https://www.instructables.com/)
37. [Keybase](https://keybase.io/)
38. [Kongregate](https://www.kongregate.com/)
39. [LiveJournal](https://www.livejournal.com/)
40. [VSCO](https://vsco.co/)
41. [AngelList](https://angel.co/)
42. [last.fm](https://last.fm/)
43. [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/)
44. [Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/)
45. [Pastebin](https://pastebin.com/)
46. [Foursquare](https://foursquare.com/)
47. [Gumroad](https://www.gumroad.com/)
48. [Newgrounds](https://newgrounds.com)
49. [Wattpad](https://www.wattpad.com/)
50. [Canva](https://www.canva.com/)
51. [Trakt](https://www.trakt.tv/)
52. [500px](https://500px.com/)
53. [BuzzFeed](https://buzzfeed.com/)
54. [TripAdvisor](https://tripadvisor.com/)
55. [Contently](https://contently.com/)
56. [Houzz](https://houzz.com/)
57. [BLIP.fm](https://blip.fm/)
58. [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/)
59. [Codementor](https://www.codementor.io/)
60. [ReverbNation](https://www.reverbnation.com/)
61. [Designspiration](https://www.designspiration.net/)
62. [Bandcamp](https://www.bandcamp.com/)
63. [ColourLovers](https://www.colourlovers.com/)
64. [IFTTT](https://www.ifttt.com/)
65. [Ebay](https://www.ebay.com/)
66. [Slack](https://slack.com)
67. [Trip](https://www.trip.skyscanner.com/)
68. [Ello](https://ello.co/)
69. [HackerOne](https://hackerone.com/)
70. [Tinder](https://tinder.com/)
71. [We Heart It](https://weheartit.com/)
72. [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/)
73. [WordPress](https://wordpress.com)
74. [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
75. [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/)
76. [devRant](https://devrant.com/)
77. [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net/)
78. [ImageShack](https://imageshack.us/)
79. [Badoo](https://badoo.com/)
80. [MeetMe](https://www.meetme.com/)
81. [Quora](https://www.quora.com/)
82. [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/)
83. [Giphy](https://giphy.com/)
84. [Taringa](https://taringa.net/)
85. [SourceForge](https://sourceforge.net/)
86. [Codepen](https://codepen.io/)
87. [Launchpad](https://launchpad.net/)
88. [Photobucket](https://photobucket.com/)
89. [Wix](https://wix.com/)
90. [Crevado](https://crevado.com/)
91. [Carbonmade](https://carbonmade.com/)
92. [Coroflot](https://coroflot.com/)
93. [Jimdo](https://jimdosite.com/)
94. [Repl.it](https://repl.it/)
95. [Issuu](https://issuu.com/)
96. [YouPic](https://youpic.com/)
97. [House-Mixes.com](https://www.house-mixes.com/)
98. [Letterboxd](https://letterboxd.com/)
99. [Coderwall](https://coderwall.com/)
100. [Zhihu](https://www.zhihu.com/)
101. [Gitee](https://gitee.com/)
102. [Academia.edu](https://www.academia.edu/)
103. [BlackPlanet](http://blackplanet.com/)
104. [Cloob](https://www.cloob.com/)
105. [Crunchyroll](https://www.crunchyroll.com/)
106. [Rajce.net](https://www.rajce.idnes.cz/)
107. [VirusTotal](https://www.virustotal.com/)
108. [WebNode](https://www.webnode.cz/)
109. [Aptoide](https://en.aptoide.com/)
110. [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/)
111. [NameMC (Minecraft.net skins)](https://namemc.com/)
112. [Plug.DJ](https://plug.dj/)
113. [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/)
114. [Mastodon](https://mstdn.io/)
115. [Telegram](https://t.me/)
116. [TradingView] (https://www.tradingview.com/)
117. [Kaggle] (https://www.kaggle.com/)
118. [Itch.io] (https://itch.io/)

Commit message:

Upload sherlock.sh
In dev, so please report errors

sites.md, after:

# Still in dev, this file is from original Sherlock

## List Of Supported Sites (118 Sites In Total!)
1. [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/)
2. [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/)
3. [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/)
4. [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/)
5. [Blogger](https://www.blogger.com/)
6. [Google Plus](https://plus.google.com/)
7. [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/)
8. [Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/)
9. [GitHub](https://www.github.com/)
10. [Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/)
11. [Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/)
12. [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/)
13. [Disqus](https://disqus.com/)
14. [Medium](https://medium.com/)
15. [DeviantART](https://deviantart.com)
16. [VK](https://vk.com/)
17. [About.me](https://about.me/)
18. [Imgur](https://imgur.com/)
19. [9GAG](https://9gag.com/)
20. [Flipboard](https://flipboard.com/)
21. [SlideShare](https://slideshare.net/)
22. [Fotolog](https://fotolog.com/)
23. [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/)
24. [MixCloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/)
25. [Scribd](https://www.scribd.com/)
26. [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/)
27. [BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/)
28. [Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/)
29. [Gravatar](http://en.gravatar.com/)
30. [iMGSRC.RU](https://imgsrc.ru/)
31. [DailyMotion](https://www.dailymotion.com/)
32. [Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/)
33. [CashMe](https://cash.me/)
34. [Behance](https://www.behance.net/)
35. [GoodReads](https://www.goodreads.com/)
36. [Instructables](https://www.instructables.com/)
37. [Keybase](https://keybase.io/)
38. [Kongregate](https://www.kongregate.com/)
39. [LiveJournal](https://www.livejournal.com/)
40. [VSCO](https://vsco.co/)
41. [AngelList](https://angel.co/)
42. [last.fm](https://last.fm/)
43. [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/)
44. [Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/)
45. [Pastebin](https://pastebin.com/)
46. [Foursquare](https://foursquare.com/)
47. [Gumroad](https://www.gumroad.com/)
48. [Newgrounds](https://newgrounds.com)
49. [Wattpad](https://www.wattpad.com/)
50. [Canva](https://www.canva.com/)
51. [Trakt](https://www.trakt.tv/)
52. [500px](https://500px.com/)
53. [BuzzFeed](https://buzzfeed.com/)
54. [TripAdvisor](https://tripadvisor.com/)
55. [Contently](https://contently.com/)
56. [Houzz](https://houzz.com/)
57. [BLIP.fm](https://blip.fm/)
58. [HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/)
59. [Codementor](https://www.codementor.io/)
60. [ReverbNation](https://www.reverbnation.com/)
61. [Designspiration](https://www.designspiration.net/)
62. [Bandcamp](https://www.bandcamp.com/)
63. [ColourLovers](https://www.colourlovers.com/)
64. [IFTTT](https://www.ifttt.com/)
65. [Ebay](https://www.ebay.com/)
66. [Slack](https://slack.com)
67. [Trip](https://www.trip.skyscanner.com/)
68. [Ello](https://ello.co/)
69. [HackerOne](https://hackerone.com/)
70. [Tinder](https://tinder.com/)
71. [We Heart It](https://weheartit.com/)
72. [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/)
73. [WordPress](https://wordpress.com)
74. [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
75. [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/)
76. [devRant](https://devrant.com/)
77. [MyAnimeList](https://myanimelist.net/)
78. [ImageShack](https://imageshack.us/)
79. [Badoo](https://badoo.com/)
80. [MeetMe](https://www.meetme.com/)
81. [Quora](https://www.quora.com/)
82. [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/)
83. [Giphy](https://giphy.com/)
84. [Taringa](https://taringa.net/)
85. [SourceForge](https://sourceforge.net/)
86. [Codepen](https://codepen.io/)
87. [Launchpad](https://launchpad.net/)
88. [Photobucket](https://photobucket.com/)
89. [Wix](https://wix.com/)
90. [Crevado](https://crevado.com/)
91. [Carbonmade](https://carbonmade.com/)
92. [Coroflot](https://coroflot.com/)
93. [Jimdo](https://jimdosite.com/)
94. [Repl.it](https://repl.it/)
95. [Issuu](https://issuu.com/)
96. [YouPic](https://youpic.com/)
97. [House-Mixes.com](https://www.house-mixes.com/)
98. [Letterboxd](https://letterboxd.com/)
99. [Coderwall](https://coderwall.com/)
100. [Zhihu](https://www.zhihu.com/)
101. [Gitee](https://gitee.com/)
102. [Academia.edu](https://www.academia.edu/)
103. [BlackPlanet](http://blackplanet.com/)
104. [Cloob](https://www.cloob.com/)
105. [Crunchyroll](https://www.crunchyroll.com/)
106. [Rajce.net](https://www.rajce.idnes.cz/)
107. [VirusTotal](https://www.virustotal.com/)
108. [WebNode](https://www.webnode.cz/)
109. [Aptoide](https://en.aptoide.com/)
110. [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/)
111. [NameMC (Minecraft.net skins)](https://namemc.com/)
112. [Plug.DJ](https://plug.dj/)
113. [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/)
114. [Mastodon](https://mstdn.io/)
115. [Telegram](https://t.me/)
116. [TradingView] (https://www.tradingview.com/)
117. [Kaggle] (https://www.kaggle.com/)
118. [Itch.io] (https://itch.io/)
